Homework Assignment (20%) Content

Study the chapter 8. Create a python program that does the following:



0) Add comments before each of the following tasks and describe what you are doing with the different sections of the code



1) The program should introduce itself as a digital assistant and display their name. Store the name in a variable.

(e.g. Greetings, Padawan. My name is variableNameOfYourChoice.)



2) Then the program spews out the following information that are stored in a singleVariable.

"The Software (or System) Development Life Cycle (SDLC) is a systematic approach that breaks the software process into phases--planning, analysis, design, implementation and maintenance."



3) The program creates an empty line and displays the following information that is also stored in a differentVariable.

"The design process focus on how the system or software product will be developed. The design phases may provide infrastructure and organizational changes for the new system, a data schema (relational schema), metadata (to define tables), a function hierarchy diagram, psuedocode for each module, or a protoype of the new system. "



4) The program should print the following, no variables needed:

"Well, that is enough about SDLC! I am so happy you have come back!! I've got some new tricks I want to show you.



5) Create a function (you can call the function menu) that will display the 5 new tricks the digital assistant can do
 with an option to exit. The menu function will take no parameters but will return a value chosen by the user for the menu.

(Possible Tricks for the digital assistant. You can choose any 5 new tricks for your 
digital assistant to perform. They must be written as functions, passed the correct arguments and 
return the correct result. The functions should not be asking for input nor printing results. They are given 
the arguments and return the answer --not printed. One function call should use keyword arguments and one 
function should have default values. You may come up with your own trick (function) and count it one of the 
tricks for the digital assistant.)

Given a phrase, I can count the number of vowels in a phrase.
Given a phrase, I can determine if a phrase is a palindrome.
Given two sides of a right triangle, I can figure out the hypotenuse.
Given three sides of a triangle, I can determine if it is a right triangle.
Given three numbers, I can determine if the numbers could be the side of a triangle.
Given a number, I can determine if it a perfect number.
Given a number, I can determine if it a prime number.
Given a list of numbers, I can determine the smaller number. (Use a function to grab the list from the user)
Given a list of grades, I can determine the average of the numbers. (Use a function to grab the list from the user)
Give a number, I can determine the sum of the numbers from 1 to the number.
Given a number, I can determine the sum of all odd numbers between 1 and the number.
Given the length and width of a rectangle, I can determine the parameter and the area.
Given the radius of a circle, I can determine the circumference, area.
Given a temperature in Celsius, I can determine the temperature in Fahrenheit.
Given a dollar amount (a number), I can determine how many pesos you can buy.


6) The program should display the menu and continue to run until a selection to exit is given to the digital assistant. The user should be allowed to pick a trick and see the digital assistant do the trick.



7) Once, the program is working correctly, you can place the functions in a separate file and import the functions to make sure your program is working correctly.



9) Once the user select an option to exit. make the program say goodbye.

e.g. It was great to see you again so I could show you my tricks. I can't wait until next time. ;)



Submit the two .py file using this assignment page